Week 1:

This week I created my page using CSS and JavaScript. I used CSS to create a header and 10 different sections for the top 10 songs. I used JavaScript to create clickable images that will reveal facts about the song/artist, and I used JavaScript to add in Highcharts. I used all dummy images, text and charts because I am putting in the exact info next week and was just setting up the layout this week - I only built out two of the sections because you had said in your comment only to do two to start.The only thing I didn't do was a map - I decided it junked up the page a little too much and didn't really add any important info, so I'll just be using the charts. I used many of the previous assignments to figure these steps out, including Highcharts and CSS tutorials you provided earlier in the course. I'm pleased with visually how the page looks, and when I put the actual info and pictures in next week I'm going to try to add more JavaScript to make the page even more interactive, likely with hiding/showing the audio clip and adding more text to move around the page. 


Week 2:

This week, I added all of my real information and photos into my page. First, I went through all of Billboard's data for the year to find out which songs were the top 10 of the year by digital downloads. Then I filled in the top five sections, putting in a general info paragraph, adding info when you click on the images, and creating Highcharts based off of the digital download data. I used Flickr to find images without Copyright restrictions and put those on my page as well. I created audio clips and used Javascript to slideToggle the clip. I also learned how to use CSS animations (using https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Animations/Using_CSS_animations) and applied that to all the H2s on the page. I faced two challenges this week: the data and the animations. The data isn't consolidated anywhere because it's not the end of 2016, so I had to go through all of the raw download numbers week after week to find out the top songs. The animations worked well overall, but I was having trouble with it expanding the browser size until I figured out how to use 'Overflow: hidden.' This week was a lot of work but I'm pleased with how the first half looks (I changed my CSS and colors around some) and I really like the interactivity and diversity of the info. 


Week 3:

This week, I finished up all of the content on my page. I went through the last five sections, putting in photos, text, audio and Highcharts that I had done for the first five sections last week. I also used CSS to fix the article width around my photos and make my graphs more even with these articles. I also increased my font size as you recommended to make the page more easily readable. I had some trouble with my media query but did the best that I could to make it adaptable for mobile - the text is a little too long and skinny right now so I'm going to try to make that look better next week. I'm happy with how the photos and articles adapted for mobile though overall. I'm pretty much done with the page and achieved everything I was looking to accomplish, so I'll just be putting some final touches on for the final due date.
